



Network Working Group                                          J. Hanson
Internet-Draft                                                Auth0 Inc.
Expires: July 6, 2017                                    January 2, 2017


                 OAuth 2.0 2nd Factor Credentials Grant
                     draft-hanson-oauth-2fa-latest

Abstract

   This specification describes a method in which resource owner
   password credentials can be augmented with a second authentication
   factor.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on July 6, 2017.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.






Hanson                    Expires July 6, 2017                  [Page 1]

Internet-Draft   OAuth 2.0 2nd Factor Credentials Grant     January 2017


1.  Introduction

   This specification...

Author's Address

   Jared Hanson
   Auth0 Inc.

   Email: jaredhanson@gmail.com
   URI:   http://www.jaredhanson.net/








































Hanson                    Expires July 6, 2017                  [Page 2]
